# 2017-W46-4
## Docs Adjustment
By default, mkdocs figures the documentation directory is `docs/`[^1] —at the
project root co-located with `mkdocs.yml`; so, I'm renaming `README/` to `docs/`
and creating `README.md` at the root that will explain how to view the docs by
spinning up the mkdocs dev server. Doing this will enable many tools used with
Git repos to render the README on the repo 'homepages'.

## zsh
There's [an article][zsh article] by Rick Cogley on installing zsh via Homebrew.
I follewed along with the article and it worked flawlessly.

### Installation <small>brew ftw</small>
Installation was via
Homebrew so that I could avoid dealing with macOS's preinstalled system version
of zsh:
```bash
brew install zsh
```

### Setup <small>dscl ftw</small>
Next was setting that version as the default user shell. I'll note that this
article was the only source I found to employ `dscl` over `chsh`:
```bash
sudo dscl . -create /Users/$USER UserShell /usr/local/bin/zsh
```
vs
```bash
sudo -s 'echo /usr/local/bin/zsh >> /etc/shells' && chsh -s /usr/local/bin/zsh
```
Then, a machine reboot seemed to be needed in order for the command to take
effect in terminal instances.

### The Wonderful <small>boring</small> Wizard
Upon first terminal launch following the reboot, zsh presented a configuation
wizard for completions and other such biz. Though the jawn was interactive, I
still found it to be an unbearable bore. Likely due to the fact that I didn't
understand most of the options very well. I probably got a quarter of the way
through the process befor just saving and quiting. So, there's more to be done
😒 —at some other time 😜.

???+ todo "TODO"
    I need to script the process herein described for `yadm bootstrap`.

[zsh article]: https://rick.cogley.info/post/use-homebrew-zsh-instead-of-the-osx-default/


[^1]: [MkDocs Documentation: Source Dir](http://www.mkdocs.org/user-guide/configuration/#docs_dir)
